shall I tell your story the story of an
orphan girl he was sent to live in a
mysterious house if he cause me trouble
I'll have you sent away in an instant
you understand
but he discovered something
something magical
something secret but let me start at the
beginning
my name is Mary Lennox and my uncle owns
this house I'm Colin Craven and the
uncle you speak at is my father
quick cousins when was the last time you
used your chat I've never been able to
move we could go outside then who knows
you might feel better
who are you I'm digging I need you to
keep a secret I just spat on yourself if
you are too much of a lady there is no
I'm no lady son to know of a magical
place came from extraordinary thinks I'd
say they were life he trusts me you know
what you risk it was the risk
magic is on our side
once this house was filled with light
laughter happiness
this garden needs your :
your excitement could kill him he needs
to live his house to prison
[Music]
beautiful houses logic
ha
[Music]
you